{\rtf1\mac \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f8\lang1053 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Introductory tour of ToonTalk.}{\author Lennart Mogren}{\operator Ken Kahn}{\creatim\yr1996\mo9\dy18\hr23\min12}
{\revtim\yr1996\mo9\dy20\hr16\min25}{\version6}{\edmins41}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords2477}{\nofchars14120}{\*\company Animated Programs}{\vern57431}}\deftab1304\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\formshade \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang1053 {\fs28\cf1 Introductory tour of ToonTalk.
\par Rundtur i ToonTalk!
\par 
\par 
\par 1. Hi. Welcome to Toontalk. I'm Sally and I'll be glad to show you around. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 1. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Hej. V\'8alkommen till ToonTalk. Jag heter Sally och ska g\'8a
rna visa dig omkring. Om du skulle vilja st\'8anga av min visning \'8ar det bara att trycka p\'8c escape-tangenten.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 2. \tab}}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Second sentence removed since it is now the case that any button press will interrupt the demo and give a choice of quiting, etc.]}{\fs28\cf1  
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 2. If I hold down the right mouse button, we fly up.
\par 2. N\'8ar jag trycker ner den h\'9agra musknappen s\'8c flyger vi upp\'8ct.  
\par 
\par 3. And if I hold the left button, we fly down. 
\par 3. Och om jag trycker ner den v\'8anstra musknappen s\'8c flyger vi ner\'8ct.
\par 
\par 4. Tooly, the toolbox, follows us everywhere. 
\par 4. Verktygsl\'8cdan f\'9aljer dig vart du \'8an g\'8cr.
\par 
\par 5. Let's go inside.
\par 5. Vi g\'8cr in.
\par 
\par 6. Hi Marty. While its not too hard to read what you are saying, I'm looking forward to the day you start talking. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 6. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart6\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Hejsan Marty. \'80ven om det inte \'8ar sv\'8crt att l\'8a
sa vad du s\'8ager, s\'8c ska det bli roligt den dag du kan tala ocks\'8c.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 7. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
[The idea here was for the beta software to hint at future improvements.  Probably not appropriate here since either he\rquote ll talk or not by time we are finished.]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 7. Thanks Marty, I'll try that and pick up the number one.
\par 7. Tack Marty, jag ska prova det och plocka upp siffran ett.  
\par 
\par 8. And now I'll drop it.
\par 8. Och nu sl\'8apper jag den.
\par 
\par 
\par 9. Another good suggestion Marty. Since I already know lots about ToonTalk, I'm going push F1 Marty and send you away. 
\par 9. Tack f\'9ar det f\'9arslaget, Marty. Men du vet Mar}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 t}{\fs28\cf1 y, jag kan ju redan s\'8c mycket om ToonTalk att jag trycker p\'8c F1 och skickar iv\'8ag dig.
\par 
\par 11. Bye.
\par 11. Hej d\'8c.
\par 
\par 12. Ok, I'll drop a number on a number.
\par 12. Okej, jag sl\'8apper en siffra p\'8c en siffra.
\par 
\par 
\par 13. I can use the keyboard to change numbers. 
\par 13. Det g\'8cr att trycka p\'8c skrivbordets tangenter f\'9ar att \'8andra p\'8c siffror.
\par 
\par 14. The hammer of Bammer the mouse can do more than just add. Multiply, for example.
\par 14. Hammarmusens hammare kan inte bara l\'8agga ihop. Den kan till exempel multiplicera.
\par 
\par 15. Let me show you what this magic wand can do. To use anything I've picked up I just press a mouse button while I'm holding one of the shift buttons. I'll try it now while holding the wand.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 15. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart15\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Nu ska du f\'8c se vad Trollstaven kan g\'9ara. F\'9ar att anv
\'8anda n\'8cgot som jag plockat upp, s\'8c trycker jag p\'8c en musknapp samtidigt som jag h\'8cller ner en av shift-tangenterna. Jag ska prova det medan jag h\'8cller i Trollstaven.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 16. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
[Lennart there are now lots of different ways to do things but the intro should introduce the one that I favor.  The second sentence should now read \ldblquote To turn on anything I\rquote ve picked up, I just press the space bar.\rdblquote ]}{\fs28\cf1 

\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 16. The wand makes copies of things.
\par 16. Trollstaven kan g\'9ara kopior av saker.
\par 
\par 17. By clicking a mouse button, I'll drop the copy. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 17. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart17\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Genom att klicka p\'8c en musknapp sl\'8apper jag kopian.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 18. Now I'll show you how to make a really big number. I'll pick up Pumpy, the bike pump, and use him by holding down a shift button and a mouse button.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 18. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart18\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 S\'8c h\'8ar kan man g\'9ara ett j\'8a
ttestort tal. Jag plockar upp  cykelpumpen Pumpas och anv\'8ander honom genom att trycka p\'8c en shift-tangent och en musknapp.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [It should now read }{\i\fs28\cf1 . I'll pick up Pumpy, the bike pump, and }{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 turn}{\i\fs28\cf1  him }{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 on}{\i\fs28\cf1  }{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 by pressing the space bar}{\i\fs28\cf1 .}{
\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 ]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 19. Boy, I sure made a really big number. I can make Pumpy shrink it by using him twice since he switches back and forth between putting in air and letting it out.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 19. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart19\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Oj d\'8c, det d\'8a
r blev verkligen en storn siffra. Pumpas kan jag anv\'8anda f\'9ar att krympa det, genom att anv\'8anda honom tv\'8c g\'8cnger. Han v\'8axlar n\'8amligen mellan att pumpa in luft och att l\'8cta den pysa ut.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 20. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
[Here we have a problem.  Depending up how much I accomplish before ToonTalk ships the second sentence should be \ldblquote I can push on this button on Pumpy and change him so he shrinks things instead.\rdblquote  or \ldblquote I can press \ldblquote l
\rdblquote  while holding Pumpy and he\rquote ll start shrinking things instead.\rdblquote .  Why not record both and I\rquote ll use the one that applies.]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par 20. I guess that's too small.
\par 20. Den d\'8ar \'8ar v\'8al lite f\'9ar liten, va.
\par 
\par 21. Boxes are good for putting things in. 
\par 21. L\'8cdor \'8ar bra till att l\'8agga saker i.
\par 
\par 22. I can put our number in this box.
\par 22. Jag kan l\'8agga v\'8cr siffra i en l\'8cda.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 23. And I can take it out again.
\par 23. Och jag kan ta ut den igen.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 24. If I forgot what this is I can press F1 to call for Marty. He'll see what I'm holding or pointing to and figures I want to hear everything he knows about it. Here watch. 
\par 24. Om jag skulle gl\'9amma vad det h\'8ar \'8ar, kan jag kalla p\'8c Marty genom att trycka p\'8c F1. Han ser vad det \'8ar jag h\'8cller i eller pekar p\'8c och gissar att jag vill f\'8c reda p\'8c allt han vet om det. 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 //25. By the way, if Marty talks too fast for you to read there is a //complicated way to fix it. To slow him down add -r 50 to the command line. //It can also be used to speed him up.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 //Some day there will be an options screen around here for this kind of stuff. 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
25. By the way, if Marty talks too slow or too fast for you to read there is a way to change things. You'll find a remote control for his reading speed on page 18 of the options notebook that you'll find on page 10 of your main notebook.
\par 25. F\'9arresten, om du tycker att Marty talar f\'9ar fort eller f\'9ar l\'8cngsamt kan du \'8andra p\'8c det. Du hittar en fj\'8arrkontroll f\'9ar hans l\'8ashastighet p\'8c sidan 18 i anteckningsboken f\'9ar Inst\'8allningar och den finns p\'8c
 sidan 10 i anteckningsboken som f\'9aljer med Verktygsl\'8cdan.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 26. Sometimes Marty talks too slow so I push F7 to hurry him up. Its also good for making him skip over some stuff. 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 26. Ibland talar Marty f\'9ar l\'8cngsamt och d\'8c trycker jag p\'8c F7 f\'9ar att snabba p\'8c honom. F7 kan ocks\'8c anv\'8andas f\'9ar att f\'8c honom att hoppa \'9aver en del han s\'8ager. 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par 27. That's enough Marty, thanks. Bye.
\par 27. S\'8cja, det r\'8acker Marty. Hej d\'8c.
\par 
\par 28. Ok, lets see what its like to use Dusty. 
\par 28. Okej, l\'8ct oss se hur det \'8ar att anv\'8anda Dammis.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 29. The neatest thing about ToonTalk is all the stuff you can train robots to do.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 29. Det b\'8asta med ToonTalk \'8ar allt du kan tr\'8ana robotar att g\'9ara.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 30. Let's teach this one to count.
\par 30. Vi tar och l\'8ar den h\'8ar att r\'8akna.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 31. First we have get a box for him to work on. Since he'll start counting from 1 we'll put a 1 in the box. 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 31. F\'9arst skaffar vi en l\'8cda \'8ct honom att arbeta med}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 .}{\fs28\cf1  Eftersom han ska r\'8akna fr\'8cn ett s\'8c l\'8agger vi en etta i l\'8cdan.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 32. And give it to him.
\par 32. Och ger den till honom.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 33. As Marty is saying, we're now in the robot's thought bubble. As I move the mouse, our robot moves.
\par 33. Som Marty brukar s\'8aga, nu \'8ar vi i robotens tankebubbla. N\'8ar jag r\'9ar musen, r\'9ar sig roboten.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 34. So, to count all he has to do is add 1 to the number he's already gotten up to.
\par 34. Och f\'9ar att r\'8akna, \'8ar allt han m\'8cste g\'9ara att l\'8agga till ett till det tal han redan har.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par 35. That's all. So I'll press the escape button now.
\par 35. Det var allt. Och nu trycker jag p\'8c escape-tangenten.  
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 36. As Marty was saying, to see if our robot learned what we taught him let's give him a box like the one he's thinking about. 
\par 36. det \'8ar som Marty sa, att f\'9ar att se om han l\'8art sig det vi tr\'8anat honom till s\'8c ger vi honom en likadan l\'8cda som den som finns i hans tankebubbla.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 37. Not too smart, robot old boy. You can only count up to two. 
\par 37. det var inte s\'8c klyftigt, gamla robot. Du kan ju bara r\'8akna till tv\'8c.
\par 
\par 38. Our problem is that this robot is just too fussy.
\par 38. Problemet \'8ar att den h\'8ar roboten \'8ar lite kinkig.  
\par 
\par 39. See.
\par 39. Ser du.
\par 
\par 40. If only we can make him think about a box with any number in it. 
\par 40. Om vi bara kunde f\'8c honom att t\'8anka p\'8c vilket tal som helst.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 41. Let's try using Dusty to suck up the one in his thought bubble. This is a bit tricky. I have to hold down the control button since I'm doing something special with him. On most keyboards it}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 \rquote }{
\fs28\cf1 s labeled Ctrl. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 41. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart41\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Vi anv\'8ander Dammis f\'9a
r att suga bort talet i hans tankebubbla. Det \'8ar lite knepigt. Jag m\'8cste trycka ner kontroll-tangenten eftersom jag ska g\'9ara n\'8cgot speciellt med honom. P\'8c dom flesta tangentbord heter den \rdblquote Ctrl\rdblquote .}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 42. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [This one also has 2 versions depending 
on what gets accomplished soon.  First sentence is ok in all cases.  The rest should be replaced by \ldblquote By pushing this button on Dusty I can change him so he just removes things from the top instead of sucking the whole thing up.\rdblquote  Or 
\ldblquote I\rquote ll change Dusty to just remove things from the top by pressing \ldblquote b\rdblquote .]   }{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par 42. Now when I press the mouse button, the number pad becomes blank. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 42. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart42\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 N\'8ar jag nu trycker ner en musknapp, blir sifferkortet tomt.}{
\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 43. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Two versions here too. \ldblquote Now when I 
press the space bar he sucks up just the number and leaves the pad behind.\rdblquote   Or \ldblquote Now he just sucks up the number and leaves the pad behind.\rdblquote ]}{\fs28\cf1  
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 43. Our robot is now just thinking about a box with any number in it. Let's try him again.
\par 43. Nu tror v\'8cr robot att det kan vara vilket tal som helst. Vi provar honom igen.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 44. Hmm, he's counting ok but he sure is slow.
\par 44. Hmm, nog r\'8aknar han alltid, men det g\'8cr v\'8aldigt l\'8cngsamt.  
\par 
\par 45. Four.
\par 45. Fyra
\par 
\par 46. Five.
\par 46. Fem.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 47. Six. Turns out that robots are real fast when no one is looking. I'm going to press the escape button so we stand up. 
\par 47. Sex. Fast nu \'8ar det s\'8c att robotar \'8ar verkligen snabba n\'8ar ingen ser. Jag ska trycka p\'8c escape-tangenten s\'8c att vi st\'8aller oss upp.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 48. By the way, when ToonTalk is finished you will see stuff on the floor. And you'll be able to move around to different places on the floor. Not yet though.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 48. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart48\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 F\'9arresten, n\'8ar ToonTalk \'8ar f\'8ardigt kommer du att f
\'8c se saker p\'8c golvet. Och du kommer att kunna r\'9ara dig till olika st\'8allen p\'8c golvet. Men inte \'8annu.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 49. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
[My guess is that this will take too long to get done in time.  I\rquote ll just not use it in that case.]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par 49. Let's push a mouse button to sit.
\par 49. Nu trycker vi p\'8c en musknapp f\'9ar att sitta ner.
\par 
\par 50. Wow -- he's gotten up 15,124.
\par 50. Ojoj -- han har r\'8aknat \'8anda till 15124.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 51. Let's stop him.
\par 51. Nu stannar vi honom.
\par 
\par 52. Good. Got him.
\par 52. S\'8c d\'8ar, ja.
\par 
\par 53. I usually save robots I train and stuff I build in my notebook.
\par 53. Jag brukar spara robotar jag tr\'8anat i min anteckningsbok.  
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 54. I'm pointing to the whole notebook (see it quiver?). When I hit the space bar, it flips to the next page.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 54. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart54\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Jag pekar p\'8c hela anteckningsboken (ser du hur den skakar?). N
\'8ar jag trycker p\'8c mellanslag, bl\'8addrar den till n\'8asta sida.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 55. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Should emove the word \ldblquote whole\rdblquote  
\endash  should remove \ldblquote hela\rdblquote .  ToonTalk is no longer so fussy about if you are pointing to all or a part for page flipping.]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 55. Good -- an empty page.
\par 55. Bra -- en tom sida.
\par 
\par 56. Now he's saved forever -- unless I use Dusty to suck him out. 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 56. Nu har jag sparat honom f\'9ar alltid -- om jag inte anv\'8ander Dammis f\'9ar att suga bort honom.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 57. I'll pick up a text pad and type "adds 1" and drop it here to remember what he does.
\par 57. Jag ska ta upp ett textkort och skriva \rdblquote l\'8agger till 1\rdblquote  och sl\'8appa det h\'8ar f\'9ar att komma ih\'8cg vad han g\'9ar.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 58. Let's build a new house for our robot to work in. These trucks have a construction crew in them.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0   They are eager to build a new house for the robot.}{\fs28\cf1 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 58. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart58\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Nu bygger vi ett nytt hus d\'8ar roboten kan arbeta. Dom h\'8a
r lastbilarna har ett g\'8ang byggjobbare i sig.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 59. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Added \ldblquote 
They are eager to build a new house for the robot.\rdblquote ]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 59. Let's drop our robot in the truck.
\par 59. Vi l\'8agger v\'8cr robot i en lastbil.
\par 
\par 60. The driver is waiting for a box to give the robot when the house is built.
\par 60. Chauff\'9aren v\'8antar \'8c en l\'8cda att ge till roboten n\'8ar huset \'8ar f\'8ardigbyggt.
\par 
\par 61. Let's start him off counting from zero.
\par 61. Vi l\'8cter honom b\'9arja r\'8akna fr\'8cn noll.  
\par 
\par 62. Good. Let's find the house they built. 
\par 62. Bra. Nu letar vi upp huset dom byggt.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 63. Why not take the helicopter?}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0   If we didn\rquote t see the helicopter, we could push a mouse button and it would land in front of us.}{\fs28\cf1 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 63. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart63\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Varf\'9ar inte ta helikoptern?}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 64. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Added \ldblquote If we didn\rquote t see the helicopter, 
we could push a mouse button and it would land in front of us.\rdblquote ]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 64. The block had only one house on it when we landed. Let's go over to the new house and see what's going on inside. 
\par 64. det fanns bara ett hus i kvarteret n\'8ar vi landade. Vi g\'8cr \'9aver till det nya huset och ser vad som h\'8ander inuti . 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 65. Our robot has been counting away since this house was built. 
\par 65. V\'8cr robot har r\'8aknat p\'8c sen huset blev byggt.
\par 
\par 66. Enough of this. Let's stop all this. 
\par 66. Nu r\'8acker det. Nu slutar vi med allt det h\'8ar. 
\par 
\par 67. And set off this bomb.
\par 67. Och spr\'8anger den h\'8ar bomben.
\par 
\par 68. Whooo
\par 68. Poff
\par 
\par 69. All that's left to try out are the nests and scales. 
\par 69. Nu \'8ar det bara f\'8cgelbon och v\'8cgar kvar att prova.
\par 
\par 70. Let's take out a nest.
\par 70. Vi tar upp ett f\'8cgelbo.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 71. Suppose I had no idea what birds do. I can just try things or I can ask Marty.
\par 71. Anta att jag inte hade en aning om vad f\'8cglar g\'9ar.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0  }{\fs28\cf1 D\'8c kan jag antingen prova helt enkelt eller fr\'8cga Marty.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 72. I'll press F1 and ask Marty.
\par 72. Jag trycker F1 och fr\'8cgar Marty.
\par 
\par 73. Uh huh -- rectangular -- let's try number pads -- they're rectangular.
\par 73. Ah ha -- rektangul\'8ar -- vi provar med sifferkort -- dom \'8ar ju rektangul\'8ara.  
\par 
\par 74. And another.
\par 74. Och en till.
\par 
\par 75. Let's clear off her nest.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 75. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart75\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Vi tar bort hennes bo.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 76. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
[Does the translation mean that the nest is left behind but that we are clearing away the stuff on top?  It should.]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 76. I wonder what our robot will do if we give him a box with a nest in it.
\par 76. Jag undrar just vad v\'8cr robot g\'9ar om han f\'8cr en l\'8cda med ett f\'8cgelbo i.  
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 77. Pretty smart. He's hasn't given up on this box. He's hoping a bird will come in and cover the nest with a number. 
\par 77. R\'8att s\'8c smart. Han har inte gett upp hoppet om den h\'8ar l\'8cdan. Han hoppas en f\'8cgel ska komma och l\'8agga en siffra i boet. 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 78. Let's take the bird with us to another house.
\par 78. Vi tar med oss f\'8cgeln till ett annat hus.  
\par 
\par 79. Now we'll spit her out.
\par 79. Nu spottar vi ut henne.
\par 
\par 80. Let's give her a zero.
\par 80. Vi ger henne en nolla.
\par 
\par 81. Good -- and now we'll go back.
\par 81. Bra -- och s\'8c g\'8cr vi tillbaka.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 82. Good. Ever since she delivered the zero, our robot has been counting away.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 82. Bra. \'80nda sen hon l\'8amnade ifr\'8cn sig nollan, har roboten r\'8aknat p\'8c.
\par 
\par 83. See -- the nest is still here.
\par 83. Du ser -- boet \'8ar fortfarande d\'8ar.
\par 
\par 84. And now for scales.
\par 84. Och nu till v\'8cgarna.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 85. See, if we put a scale in a hole between two numbers it tilts towards the bigger or heavier number. Scales work with text pads too.
\par 85. du ser att om vi l\'8agger en v\'8cg i facket mellan tv\'8c tal s\'8c v\'8ager den \'9aver mot det st\'9arre talet. V\'8cgar fungerar med textkort ocks\'8c.  
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 86. As the last part of our tour, let's see what's in the notebook. 
\par 86. H\'8ar i slutet av rundturen, kan vi se vad som finns i anteckningsboken.
\par 
\par 87. Here on page two is a notebook full of pictures and movies. 
\par 87. H\'8ar p\'8c sidan tv\'8c finns en anteckningsbok full med bilder och animationer.
\par 
\par 88. You can take out pictures and combine them. 
\par 88. Du kan ta ut bilder och s\'8atta ihop dom.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 89. If you press shift and click a mouse button while holding a picture it flips over. And out comes a different notebook. [take out dizzy guy] 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 89. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart89\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 
Om du trycker ner shift-tangenten coh klickar en musknapp medan du h\'8cller i en bild s\'8c v\'8ands den till baksidan.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0  }{\fs28\cf1 Och ut kommer en annorlunda anteckningsbok. (tar ut vimsiga killen)}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 90. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [New version of first sentence should read \ldblquote 
If you press \lquote f\rquote  while holding a picture it flips over.\rdblquote ]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 90. Let's take out two remote controls from the notebook. [x and width] 
\par 90. Vi tar ut tv\'8c fj\'8arrkontroller fr\'8cn anteckningsboken. [x och bredd] 
\par 
\par 91. And flip the picture back over.
\par 91. Och v\'8ander p\'8c bilden.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 92. See how the number changes as I move the picture? It's showing us the distance from the left edge.
\par 92. Ser du att siffrorna \'8andras n\'8ar jag r\'9ar p\'8c bilden? Det visar hur l\'8cngt det \'8ar till v\'8anstra kanten.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 93. Watch what happens if we change the number. [drops 100 on it] 
\par 93. Kolla vad som h\'8ander om vi \'8andrar talet. [sl\'8apper 100 p\'8c det]
\par 
\par 94. It moves to the new position.
\par 94. den flyttar sig till ett nytt l\'8age.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 95. The neatest thing about pictures is that robots can work on the back making them do things like grow or bounce or explode or whatever.
\par 95. Det h\'8aftigaste med bilder \'8ar att robotar kan jobba p\'8c baksidan av dom och f\'8c dom att v\'8axa eller studsa eller vad du vill . 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1  
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 96. Let's put our counting robot on the back and give it the box containing the remote control for the width.
\par 96. Vi l\'8agger v\'8cr r\'8aknande robot p\'8c baksidan och ger den l\'8cdan med fj\'8arrkontrollen f\'9ar bredd.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par 97. And flip it back over.
\par 97. Och v\'8ander den tillbaka.
\par 
\par 98. He's getting pretty fat.
\par 98. Han b\'9arjar bli ganska fet.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 99. Well that's all I was gonna show you. Look for other tours or just start playing with ToonTalk yourself. You might want to see what else is in these notebooks}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 .  }{\fs28\cf1 
If you do nothing this will end in about 30 seconds. Thanks for coming and see ya.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 99. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart99\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\fs28\cf1 Ja, det var allt jag t\'8a
nkte visa dig. Kolla om du kan hitta andra rundturer eller b\'9arja spela ToonTalk sj\'8alv. Kanske vill du se sj\'8alv vad som finns i anteckningsb\'9ackerna. Som med alla dom h\'8ar rundturerna s\'8c kan du trycka F8 och d\'8c blir det du som tar \'9a
ver kommandot. Om du inte g\'9ar n\'8cgot alls s\'8c kommer rundturen att avslutas om 30 sekunder. Roligt att du kunde komma. Vi ses.}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 100. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Removed the sentence \ldblquote }{\i\fs28\cf1 
As with any of these tours press F8 at any time and you're in charge.}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 \rdblquote ]}{\fs28\cf1\cchs0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f8\fs28\cf1\lang1053\cchs0 101. \tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pncf1\pnf8\pnfs28\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta . }}{\i\fs28\cf1\cchs0 [Good job!]}{\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs28\cf1 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par }