   This is the result of "pasting" a ToonTalk object. You can include
this in files, email, or whatever. To decode it just use any program
that can copy this to the Windows clipboard. For example, you can use
Windows Notepad or WordPad program. Select all of the text
and then use the Copy command in the Edit menu. Then it will appear
in the ToonTalk remote control for the clipboard. You can find the
clipboard remote control on page 30 of the Sensor notebook. Just use
Dusty to vacuum it off the clipboard. Control-v is a shortcut for pasting. 
   The following is a rectangle with 5 pictures on top. The first thing on
top is a rectangle. And the second thing on top is a picture of a
paddle. The first thing on the back is a picture of a paddle. The first
thing on the back is a pad with the text "Move  left and  right" on it.
And the second thing on the back is a box with 2 holes. The hole labeled
with "Mouse right" contains a remote control for the speed the
computer's mouse is moving to the right. The hole labeled with "Right
Speed" contains a remote control for the speed towards the right. And
the third thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 2 holes. The
hole labeled with "Mouse right" contains any number (for example, a
remote control for the speed the computer's mouse is moving to the
right). The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains any number (for
example, a remote control for the speed towards the right). If given a
box like that he will grab a magic wand. And use the magic wand on the
first hole inside his box. And push '=' to change what he is holding.
And drop what he just copied on the second hole inside his box. And
release the magic wand. And the second thing on the back is a rectangle.
The first thing on the back is a pad with the text "Stop at  left or 
right edge  160799" on it. And the second thing on the back is a box
with 3 holes. The hole labeled with "x pos sensor" contains a remote
control for the distance from the left side. The second hole contains a
scale tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "set value" contains
the number 950. And the third thing on the back is a robot who wants a
box with 3 holes. The first hole contains any number. The second hole
contains a scale tipped to the left. The third hole contains any number.
If given a box like that he will grab a magic wand. And use the magic
wand on the third hole inside his box. And push '=' to change what he is
holding. And drop what he just copied on the first hole inside his box.
And release the magic wand. And the fourth thing on the back is a box
with 3 holes. The hole labeled with "x pos sensor" contains a remote
control for the distance from the left side. The second hole contains a
scale tipped to the left. The hole labeled with "set value" contains the
number 50. And the fifth thing on the back is a robot who wants a box
with 3 holes. The first hole contains any number. The second hole
contains a scale tipped to the right. The third hole contains any
number. If given a box like that he will grab a magic wand. And use the
magic wand on the third hole inside his box. And push '=' to change what
he is holding. And drop what he just copied on the first hole inside his
box. And release the magic wand. And the third thing on top is a picture
of a ball. The first thing on the back is a picture of a ball. The first
thing on the back is a pad with the text "Bounce off  edge" on it. And
the second thing on the back is a box with 6 holes. The first hole
contains the number 950. The second hole contains a scale tipped to the
left. The hole labeled with "Up" contains a remote control for the
distance from the bottom side. The hole labeled with "Up speed" contains
a remote control for the speed towards the top. The hole labeled with ""
contains a balanced scale. The sixth hole contains the number 0. And the
third thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 6 holes. The
first hole contains the number 950. The second hole contains a scale
tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "Up" contains any number. The
hole labeled with "Up speed" contains any number (for example, a remote
control for the speed towards the right). The hole labeled with ""
contains a scale tipped to the left. The sixth hole contains the number
0. If given a box like that he will move to the stack of numbers. And
pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he is holding. And push
'-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on the fourth hole inside
his box. And the fourth thing on the back is a box with 6 holes. The
first hole contains the number 50. The second hole contains a scale
tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "Up" contains a remote
control for the distance from the bottom side. The hole labeled with "Up
speed" contains a remote control for the speed towards the top. The hole
labeled with "" contains a balanced scale. The sixth hole contains the
number 0. And the fifth thing on the back is a robot who wants a box
with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number 50. The second hole
contains a scale tipped to the left. The hole labeled with "Up" contains
any number. The hole labeled with "Up speed" contains any number (for
example, a remote control for the speed towards the right). The hole
labeled with "" contains a scale tipped to the right. The sixth hole
contains the number 0. If given a box like that he will move to the
stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he
is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on
the fourth hole inside his box. And the sixth thing on the back is a box
with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number 50. The second hole
contains a scale tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "Right"
contains a remote control for the distance from the left side. The hole
labeled with "Right Speed" contains a remote control for the speed
towards the right. The hole labeled with "" contains a balanced scale.
The sixth hole contains the number 0. And the seventh thing on the back
is a robot who wants a box with 6 holes. The first hole contains the
number 50. The second hole contains a scale tipped to the left. The hole
labeled with "Right" contains any number. The hole labeled with "Right
Speed" contains any number (for example, a remote control for the speed
towards the right). The hole labeled with "" contains a scale tipped to
the right. The sixth hole contains the number 0. If given a box like
that he will move to the stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And
push 'x' to change what he is holding. And push '-' to change what he is
holding. And drop it on the fourth hole inside his box. And the eighth
thing on the back is a box with 6 holes. The first hole contains the
number 950. The second hole contains a scale tipped to the left. The
hole labeled with "Right" contains a remote control for the distance
from the left side. The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains a
remote control for the speed towards the right. The hole labeled with ""
contains a balanced scale. The sixth hole contains the number 0. And the
ninth thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 6 holes. The
first hole contains the number 950. The second hole contains a scale
tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "Right" contains any number.
The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains any number (for example, a
remote control for the speed towards the right). The hole labeled with
"" contains a scale tipped to the left. The sixth hole contains the
number 0. If given a box like that he will move to the stack of numbers.
And pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he is holding. And
push '-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on the fourth hole
inside his box. And the second thing on the back is a picture of a ball.
The first thing on the back is a pad with the text "bounce  off other 
things" on it. And the second thing on the back is a box with 2 holes.
The hole labeled with "Up Collide?" contains a remote control for the
up/down movement collision detector. The hole labeled with "Up Speed"
contains a remote control for the speed towards the top. And the third
thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 2 holes. The hole
labeled with "Up collide?" contains a remote control for the up/down
movement collision detector. The hole labeled with "Up speed " contains
any number. If given a box like that he will move to the stack of
numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he is
holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on the
second hole inside his box. And push '+' while pointing to the first
hole inside his box. And the fourth thing on the back is a box with 2
holes. The hole labeled with "Right Collide?" contains a remote control
for the left/right movement collision detector. The hole labeled with
"Right Speed" contains a remote control for the speed towards the right.
And the fifth thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 2 holes.
The hole labeled with "Right Collide? " contains a remote control for
the left/right movement collision detector. The hole labeled with "Right
Speed" contains any number. If given a box like that he will move to the
stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he
is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on
the second hole inside his box. And push '+' while pointing to the first
hole inside his box. And the third thing on the back is a pad with the
text "bouncing" on it. And the fourth thing on the back is a rectangle.
The first thing on the back is a pad with the text "Set  speed" on it.
And the second thing on the back is a box with 4 holes. The first hole
contains the number 0. The second hole contains a balanced scale. The
hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains a remote control for the speed
towards the right. The hole labeled with "set speed" contains the number
400. And the third thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 4
holes. The first hole contains the number 0. The second hole contains a
balanced scale. The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains any number
(for example, a remote control for the speed towards the top). The hole
labeled with "set speed" contains any number. If given a box like that
he will pick up his box. And drop it. And grab a magic wand. And use the
magic wand on the fourth hole inside his box. And push '=' to change
what he is holding. And drop what he just copied on the third hole
inside his box. And release the magic wand. And the fourth thing on the
back .
   What follows is in a special code and was produced by ToonTalk(tm) 
Beta 051299. To learn more about ToonTalk see www.toontalk.com.
6BStartToonTalkEncoding:
+AAADP8AADxy9wLuAgUA+AEADP8EADxyAAAAACkHsQHgAav/AAAAAPgCAAz/AAA3cgAAAgD4
AwAM/wAANzb0AfQBAAADADD/FQBNb3ZlDQpsZWZ0IGFuZA0KcmlnaHQAAyD/AAIADE1vdXNl
IHJpZ2h0ACX/AAAAACsAswAADFJpZ2h0IFNwZWVkACT/AAAAACsAgvkCAAX/MP8TAGZvbGxv
dw1tb3VzZSANcmlnaHT/AiD/AAIADE1vdXNlIHJpZ2h0ACX/AAAAACsBswAADFJpZ2h0IFNw
ZWVkACT/AAAAACsBgv8gk/8BAAH/AAMC/wAEAAD/ABEN/z0JAAH/AAYC/wAX////+AQADP8D
ADw29AH0AQAABQAw/yQAU3RvcCBhdA0KbGVmdCBvcg0KcmlnaHQgZWRnZQ0KMTYwNzk5AAMg
/wADAA14IHBvcyBzZW5zb3IAJP92AQAAKwCA+QIAAAz/BQANMr0AvQAAAAAACnNldCB2YWx1
ZQAA/7YDAAArAAX/MP8LAGNoZWNrDXggbWF4/wIK/wADAAD/6AMAACsBDP8CAA0yvQC9AAAA
AAAA/7YDAAArASCV/wEAAf8AAwL/AAQAAv8AEQ3/PQkAAP8ABgL/ABf///8g/wADAA14IHBv
cyBzZW5zb3IAJP92AQAAKwCA+QIAAAz/BAANMr0AvQAAAAAACnNldCB2YWx1ZQAA/zIAAAAr
AAX/MP8LAGNoZWNrDXggbWlu/wIK/wADAAD/6AMAACsBDP8DAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAA/18AAAAr
ASCV/wEAAf8AAwL/AAQAAv8AEQ3/PQkAAP8ABgL/ABf///9rACwAdgGTAAAAAAD4BQAM/wAA
NnIAAAQA+AYADP8AADY2LgAtAAAACQAw/xAAQm91bmNlIG9mZg0KZWRnZQADIP8ABgAAAP+2
AwAAKwAADP8EAA0y9ALcCAAAAAADVXAAJP9nAQAAKwCB+QUACVVwIHNwZWVkACT/kAEAACsA
g/kFAAEADP8GAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAAAP8AAAAAKwAF/zD/EAB1cA1ib3JkZXINYm91bmNl/wIg
/wAGAAAA/7YDAAArAAAM/wMADTL0AtwIAAAAAANVcAAA/wEAAAArAQlVcCBzcGVlZAAk/wAA
AAArAYL/AQAM/wIADTK9AL0AAAAAAAAA/wAAAAArACBW/wEAAf8AAQT/AAIAAP8ABxT/ABEN
/3gRDf8tCQAD/wAX////IP8ABgAAAP8yAAAAKwAADP8FAA0y9ALcCAAAAAADVXAAJP9nAQAA
KwCB+QUACVVwIHNwZWVkACT/kAEAACsAg/kFAAEADP8GAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAAAP8AAAAAKwAF
/zD/EgBkb3duDWJvcmRlcg1ib3VuY2X/AiD/AAYAAAD/MgAAACsAAAz/AgANMvQC3AgAAAAA
A1VwAAD/AQAAACsBCVVwIHNwZWVkACT/AAAAACsBgv8BAAz/AwANMr0AvQAAAAAAAAD/AAAA
ACsAIFb/AQAB/wABBP8AAgAA/wAHFP8AEQ3/eBEN/y0JAAP/ABf///8g/wAGAAAA/zIAAAAr
AAAM/wUADTL0AtwIAAAAAAZSaWdodAAk/zsBAAArAID5BQAMUmlnaHQgU3BlZWQAJP9w/v//
KwCC+QUAAQAM/wYADTK9AL0AAAAAAAAA/wAAAAArAAX/MP8SAGxlZnQNYm9yZGVyDWJvdW5j
Zf8CIP8ABgAAAP8yAAAAKwAADP8EAA0y9ALcCAAAAAAGUmlnaHQAAP8BAAAAKwEMUmlnaHQg
U3BlZWQAJP8AAAAAKwGC/wEADP8DAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAAAP8AAAAAKwAgVv8BAAH/AAEE/wAC
AAD/AAcU/wARDf94EQ3/LQkAA/8AF////yD/AAYAAAD/tgMAACsAAAz/BAANMvQC3AgAAAAA
BlJpZ2h0ACT/OwEAACsAgPkFAAxSaWdodCBTcGVlZAAk/3D+//8rAIL5BQABAAz/BgANMr0A
vQAAAAAAAAD/AAAAACsABf8w/xMAcmlnaHQNYm9yZGVyDWJvdW5jZf8CIP8ABgAAAP+2AwAA
KwAADP8DAA0y9ALcCAAAAAAGUmlnaHQAAP8BAAAAKwEMUmlnaHQgU3BlZWQAJP8AAAAAKwGC
/wEADP8CAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAAAP8AAAAAKwAgVv8BAAH/AAEE/wACAAD/AAcU/wARDf94EQ3/
LQkAA/8AF/////gHAAz/AAA2NhEAFgAAAAUAMP8ZAGJvdW5jZQ0Kb2ZmIG90aGVyDQp0aGlu
Z3MAAyD/AAIADFVwIENvbGxpZGU/AA//tRQAACsAjvkFAAlVcCBTcGVlZAAk/5ABAAArAIP5
BQAF/zD/CQB1ZA1ib3VuY2X/AiD/AAIADFVwIGNvbGxpZGU/AA//tBQAACsAjv8KVXAgc3Bl
ZWQgAAD/hwAAACsBIFf/AQAB/wABBP8AAgAA/wAHFP8AEQ3/eBEN/y0JAAH/ABEAAP8rF///
/yD/AAIAD1JpZ2h0IENvbGxpZGU/AA//tRQAACsAjfkFAAxSaWdodCBTcGVlZAAk/3D+//8r
AIL5BQAF/zD/CQBybA1ib3VuY2X/AiD/AAIAEFJpZ2h0IENvbGxpZGU/IAAP/7QUAAArAI3/
DFJpZ2h0IFNwZWVkAAD/hwAAACsBIFj/AQAB/wABBP8AAgAA/wAHFP8AEQ3/eBEN/y0JAAH/
ABEAAP8rF////zD/CABib3VuY2luZwAD+AgADP8AADw29AH0AQAABQAw/woAU2V0DQpzcGVl
ZAADIP8ABAAAAP8AAAAAKwAADP8HAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAMUmlnaHQgU3BlZWQAJP9w/v//KwCC
+QUACnNldCBzcGVlZAAA/5ABAAArAAX/MP8QAHNldCANcmlnaHQNc3BlZWT/AiD/AAQAAAD/
AAAAACsAAAz/BgANMr0AvQAAAAAADFJpZ2h0IFNwZWVkACT/AAAAACsBg/8Kc2V0IHNwZWVk
AAD/6AMAACsBIFf/AAAB/wAHAP8ACAD/AAMC/wAEAAP/ABEN/z0JAAL/AAYC/wAX////IP8A
BAAAAP8AAAAAKwAADP8HAA0yvQC9AAAAAAAJVXAgU3BlZWQAJP+QAQAAKwCD+QUACnNldCBz
cGVlZAAA/5ABAAArAAX/MP8MAHNldCB1cA1zcGVlZP8CIP8ABAAAAP8AAAAAKwAADP8GAA0y
vQC9AAAAAAAJVXAgU3BlZWQAJP8AAAAAKwGD/wpzZXQgc3BlZWQAAP/oAwAAKwEgV/8AAAH/
AAcA/wAIAP8AAwL/AAQAA/8AEQ3/PQkAAv8ABgL/ABf///8nADoAPAFnAXD+kAH4CQAM/wAA
N3IAAAUA+AoADP8HADw2pQCiAAAAAwAw/xcAbW92ZQ0KcmlnaHQNCndpdGgNCmN0cmwAAyD/
AAMABWN0cmwAMv8AAAAAKwABnv8GeCBwb3MAJP/LAQAAKwCA+QkABGluYwAA/w8AAAArAAX/
MP8LAG1vdmUNcmlmZ2h0/wIK/wADAA7/AwB5ZXMAAwD/AQAAACsBAP8BAAAAKwEgSP8AAAH/
AAMC/wAEAAL/AAkAAf8ABgL/ABf////4CwAM/wAAPDalAKIAAAADADD/FwBtb3ZlDQpsZWZ0
DQp3aXRoDQpzaGlmdAADIP8AAwAGc2hpZnQAMv8AAAAAKwABnf8GeCBwb3MAJP/LAQAAKwCA
+QkAAAD/DwAAACsABf8w/wQAbGVmdP8CCv8AAwAO/wMAeWVzAAMA/wEAAAArAQD/AQAAACsB
IEn/AAAB/wADAv8ABAAC/wARDf8tCQAB/wAGAv8AF/////gMAAz/AwA8NvQB9AEAAAUAMP8k
AFN0b3AgYXQNCmxlZnQgb3INCnJpZ2h0IGVkZ2UNCjE2MDc5OQADIP8AAwANeCBwb3Mgc2Vu
c29yACT/ywEAACsAgPkJAAAM/wUADTK9AL0AAAAAAApzZXQgdmFsdWUAAP+2AwAAKwAF/zD/
CwBjaGVjaw14IG1heP8CCv8AAwAA/+gDAAArAQz/AgANMr0AvQAAAAAAAP+2AwAAKwEglf8B
AAH/AAMC/wAEAAL/ABEN/z0JAAD/AAYC/wAX////IP8AAwANeCBwb3Mgc2Vuc29yACT/ywEA
ACsAgPkJAAAM/wQADTK9AL0AAAAAAApzZXQgdmFsdWUAAP8yAAAAKwAF/zD/CwBjaGVjaw14
IG1pbv8CCv8AAwAA/+gDAAArAQz/AwANMr0AvQAAAAAAAP9fAAAAKwEglf8BAAH/AAMC/wAE
AAL/ABEN/z0JAAD/AAYC/wAX////+A0ADP8AADw2pQCiAAAAAwAw/wsATWFrZQ0Kc291bmQA
AyD/AAIACUhpdCBXaG8/AA//AAAAACsAiPkJAAA4/wYAQmUgWWF3AQMHAAX/MP8CAEx1/wIK
/wACAPgOAAz/AAA2MmAAgQAAAAAAPP8GAEJlIFlhdwEDBwAgVP8AAAD/ABEAAf8gF/////gP
AAz/AgA8NuEA4QAAAAMAMP8tAEhpdA0KUGljdHVyZQ0Kc2VuZA0KbWVzc2FnZQ0KdG8gc2Nv
cmUNCjAxMTA5OQADIP8ABAAJSGl0IHdobz8AD/8AAAAAKwCI+QkAC3Njb3JlIGJpcmQAB//4
EAAG////MP8KAHRvcA1wYWRkbGUAAjD/CgB0b3ANcGFkZGxlAAIIbWVzc2FnZQAA/woAAAAr
AAdzd2l0Y2gA+BEADP8BACAymQEbAQAAAAAF/zD/DABzZW5kDW1lc3NhZ2X/Agr/AAQAD/8A
AAAAKwGI/wf/////+BIADP8BACAymQEbAQAAAAAgAf8CAAH/AAMC/wAEAAL/ABMAAf8ABgL/
ABEAA/8rF///Bf8w/wwAcmVzZXQNc3dpdGNo/wIK/wAEAA//AAAAACsACP8H//////gTAAz/
AAAgIpkBGwEAAAAAIAL/AgAA/wARAAP/Kxf///9pACoAywHSAwAAAAD4FAAo/wD/CgAAACsA
/QA8egAAAwAw/w0AU2NvcmUNCm51bWJlcgAD+BUADP8BADw2nQCdAAAAAwAw/wwAUmVzZXQN
CnNjb3JlAAMg/wAEAARLZXkAMv8AAAAAKwABm/8GTG9va3MA+BYAJ//5FAAAADwy9AH0AQAA
AAAJcmVzZXQgdG8AAP8AAAAAPQAGc291bmQAOP8GAFZhY3V1bQEDDAAF/zD/BQByZXNldP8C
IP8ABAAES2V5AA7/BgBEZWxldGUAAwZMb29rcwAA/wEAAAArAQlyZXNldCB0bwAA/wAAAAA9
AAZzb3VuZAA8/wYAVmFjdXVtAQMMACDn/wEAAf8AAwL/AAQAAv8ACQAB/wAGAv8AEQAD/yAX
////+BcADP8AADw2pQCiAAAAAwAw/w4AYWRkDQp0bw0Kc2NvcmUAAyD/AAIABkxvb2tzAPgY
ACf/+RQAAAA8MqYApgAAAAAAAPkQAAX/MP8FAFNjb3Jl/wIg/wACAAZMb29rcwAA/wEAAAAr
AQAA/wEAAAArASAN/wIAAP8ABwAB/wAJAAD/ABf///9hAGcAoAM/AAAAAAAAAPcC7gLAAQsC
AAAAAA==
.
This is the end of the code for the ToonTalk object. 
