   This is the result of "pasting" a ToonTalk object. You can include
this in files, email, or whatever. To decode it just use any program
that can copy this to the Windows clipboard. For example, you can use
Windows Notepad or WordPad program. Select all of the text
and then use the Copy command in the Edit menu. Then it will appear
in the ToonTalk remote control for the clipboard. You can find the
clipboard remote control on page 30 of the Sensor notebook. Just use
Dusty to vacuum it off the clipboard. Control-v is a shortcut for pasting. 
   The following is a box with 3 holes. The hole labeled with "Right Speed"
contains a remote control for the speed towards the right. The hole
labeled with "Up Speed" contains a remote control for the speed towards
the top. The third hole contains a rectangle with one picture on top.
The first thing on top is something.
   What follows is in a special code and was produced by ToonTalk(tm) 
Beta 081299. To learn more about ToonTalk see www.toontalk.com.
6BStartToonTalkEncoding:
IP8AAwAMUmlnaHQgU3BlZWQAJP8AAAAAKwAC+AAADP8AADYiAAABAPgBAAz/AAA2Ji4ALQAA
AAkAMP8QAEJvdW5jZSBvZmYNCmVkZ2UAAyD/AAYAAAD/tgMAACsAAAz/BAANIvQC3AgAAAAA
A1VwACT/0wEAACsAAfkAAAlVcCBzcGVlZAAk/wAAAAArAAP5AAABAAz/BgANIr0AvQAAAAAA
AAD/AAAAACsABf8w/xAAdXANYm9yZGVyDWJvdW5jZf8CIP8ABgAAAP+2AwAAKwAADP8DAA0i
9ALcCAAAAAADVXAAAP8BAAAAKwEJVXAgc3BlZWQAJP8AAAAAKwEC/wEADP8CAA0ivQC9AAAA
AAAAAP8AAAAAKwAgVv8BAAH/AAEE/wACAAD/AAcU/wARDf94EQ3/LQkAA/8AF////yD/AAYA
AAD/MgAAACsAAAz/BQANIvQC3AgAAAAAA1VwACT/0wEAACsAAfkAAAlVcCBzcGVlZAAk/wAA
AAArAAP5AAABAAz/BgANIr0AvQAAAAAAAAD/AAAAACsABf8w/xIAZG93bg1ib3JkZXINYm91
bmNl/wIg/wAGAAAA/zIAAAArAAAM/wIADSL0AtwIAAAAAANVcAAA/wEAAAArAQlVcCBzcGVl
ZAAk/wAAAAArAQL/AQAM/wMADSK9AL0AAAAAAAAA/wAAAAArACBW/wEAAf8AAQT/AAIAAP8A
BxT/ABEN/3gRDf8tCQAD/wAX////IP8ABgAAAP8yAAAAKwAADP8FAA0i9ALcCAAAAAAGUmln
aHQAJP8MAgAAKwAA+QAADFJpZ2h0IFNwZWVkACT/AAAAACsAAvkAAAEADP8GAA0ivQC9AAAA
AAAAAP8AAAAAKwAF/zD/EgBsZWZ0DWJvcmRlcg1ib3VuY2X/AiD/AAYAAAD/MgAAACsAAAz/
BAANIvQC3AgAAAAABlJpZ2h0AAD/AQAAACsBDFJpZ2h0IFNwZWVkACT/AAAAACsBAv8BAAz/
AwANIr0AvQAAAAAAAAD/AAAAACsAIFb/AQAB/wABBP8AAgAA/wAHFP8AEQ3/eBEN/y0JAAP/
ABf///8g/wAGAAAA/7YDAAArAAAM/wQADSL0AtwIAAAAAAZSaWdodAAk/wwCAAArAAD5AAAM
UmlnaHQgU3BlZWQAJP8AAAAAKwAC+QAAAQAM/wYADSK9AL0AAAAAAAAA/wAAAAArAAX/MP8T
AHJpZ2h0DWJvcmRlcg1ib3VuY2X/AiD/AAYAAAD/tgMAACsAAAz/AwANIvQC3AgAAAAABlJp
Z2h0AAD/AQAAACsBDFJpZ2h0IFNwZWVkACT/AAAAACsBAv8BAAz/AgANIr0AvQAAAAAAAAD/
AAAAACsAIFb/AQAB/wABBP8AAgAA/wAHFP8AEQ3/eBEN/y0JAAP/ABf///8JVXAgU3BlZWQA
JP8AAAAAKwAD+QAAAPgCAAz/AAA8MvcC7gIBAPkAAAAA.
This is the end of the code for the ToonTalk object. 



   This is the result of "pasting" a ToonTalk object. You can include
this in files, email, or whatever. To decode it just use any program
that can copy this to the Windows clipboard. For example, you can use
Windows Notepad or WordPad program. Select all of the text
and then use the Copy command in the Edit menu. Then it will appear
in the ToonTalk remote control for the clipboard. You can find the
clipboard remote control on page 30 of the Sensor notebook. Just use
Dusty to vacuum it off the clipboard. Control-v is a shortcut for pasting. 
   The following is a rectangle with one picture on top. The first thing on
top is a picture of a ball. The first thing on the back is a picture of
a ball. The first thing on the back is a pad with the text "Bounce off 
edge" on it. And the second thing on the back is a box with 6 holes. The
first hole contains the number 950. The second hole contains a scale
tipped to the left. The hole labeled with "Up" contains a remote control
for the distance from the bottom side. The hole labeled with "Up speed"
contains a remote control for the speed towards the top. The hole
labeled with "" contains a balanced scale. The sixth hole contains the
number 0. And the third thing on the back is a robot who wants a box
with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number 950. The second hole
contains a scale tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "Up"
contains any number. The hole labeled with "Up speed" contains any
number (for example, a remote control for the speed towards the right).
The hole labeled with "" contains a scale tipped to the left. The sixth
hole contains the number 0. If given a box like that he will move to the
stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he
is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on
the fourth hole inside his box. And the fourth thing on the back is a
box with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number 50. The second hole
contains a scale tipped to the right. The hole labeled with "Up"
contains a remote control for the distance from the bottom side. The
hole labeled with "Up speed" contains a remote control for the speed
towards the top. The hole labeled with "" contains a balanced scale. The
sixth hole contains the number 0. And the fifth thing on the back is a
robot who wants a box with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number
50. The second hole contains a scale tipped to the left. The hole
labeled with "Up" contains any number. The hole labeled with "Up speed"
contains any number (for example, a remote control for the speed towards
the right). The hole labeled with "" contains a scale tipped to the
right. The sixth hole contains the number 0. If given a box like that he
will move to the stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to
change what he is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding.
And drop it on the fourth hole inside his box. And the sixth thing on
the back is a box with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number 50.
The second hole contains a scale tipped to the right. The hole labeled
with "Right" contains a remote control for the distance from the left
side. The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains a remote control for
the speed towards the right. The hole labeled with "" contains a
balanced scale. The sixth hole contains the number 0. And the seventh
thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 6 holes. The first
hole contains the number 50. The second hole contains a scale tipped to
the left. The hole labeled with "Right" contains any number. The hole
labeled with "Right Speed" contains any number (for example, a remote
control for the speed towards the right). The hole labeled with ""
contains a scale tipped to the right. The sixth hole contains the number
0. If given a box like that he will move to the stack of numbers. And
pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he is holding. And push
'-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on the fourth hole inside
his box. And the eighth thing on the back is a box with 6 holes. The
first hole contains the number 950. The second hole contains a scale
tipped to the left. The hole labeled with "Right" contains a remote
control for the distance from the left side. The hole labeled with
"Right Speed" contains a remote control for the speed towards the right.
The hole labeled with "" contains a balanced scale. The sixth hole
contains the number 0. And the ninth thing on the back is a robot who
wants a box with 6 holes. The first hole contains the number 950. The
second hole contains a scale tipped to the right. The hole labeled with
"Right" contains any number. The hole labeled with "Right Speed"
contains any number (for example, a remote control for the speed towards
the right). The hole labeled with "" contains a scale tipped to the
left. The sixth hole contains the number 0. If given a box like that he
will move to the stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to
change what he is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding.
And drop it on the fourth hole inside his box. And the second thing on
the back is a picture of a ball. The first thing on the back is a pad
with the text "bounce  off other  things" on it. And the second thing on
the back is a box with 2 holes. The hole labeled with "Up Collide?"
contains a remote control for the up/down movement collision detector.
The hole labeled with "Up Speed" contains a remote control for the speed
towards the top. And the third thing on the back is a robot who wants a
box with 2 holes. The hole labeled with "Up collide?" contains a remote
control for the up/down movement collision detector. The hole labeled
with "Up speed " contains any number. If given a box like that he will
move to the stack of numbers. And pick up a number. And push 'x' to
change what he is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding.
And drop it on the second hole inside his box. And push '+' while
pointing to the first hole inside his box. And the fourth thing on the
back is a box with 2 holes. The hole labeled with "Right Collide?"
contains a remote control for the left/right movement collision
detector. The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains a remote control
for the speed towards the right. And the fifth thing on the back is a
robot who wants a box with 2 holes. The hole labeled with "Right
Collide? " contains a remote control for the left/right movement
collision detector. The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains any
number. If given a box like that he will move to the stack of numbers.
And pick up a number. And push 'x' to change what he is holding. And
push '-' to change what he is holding. And drop it on the second hole
inside his box. And push '+' while pointing to the first hole inside his
box. And the third thing on the back is a pad with the text "bouncing"
on it. And the fourth thing on the back is a rectangle. The first thing
on the back is a pad with the text "Set  speed" on it. And the second
thing on the back is a box with 4 holes. The first hole contains the
number 0. The second hole contains a balanced scale. The hole labeled
with "Right Speed" contains a remote control for the speed towards the
right. The hole labeled with "set speed" contains the number 400. And
the third thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 4 holes. The
first hole contains the number 0. The second hole contains a balanced
scale. The hole labeled with "Right Speed" contains any number (for
example, a remote control for the speed towards the top). The hole
labeled with "set speed" contains any number. If given a box like that
he will pick up his box. And drop it. And grab a magic wand. And use the
magic wand on the fourth hole inside his box. And push '=' to change
what he is holding. And drop what he just copied on the third hole
inside his box. And release the magic wand. And the fourth thing on the
back is a box with 4 holes. The first hole contains the number 0. The
second hole contains a balanced scale. The hole labeled with "Up Speed"
contains a remote control for the speed towards the top. The hole
labeled with "set speed" contains the number 400. And the fifth thing on
the back is a robot who wants a box with 4 holes. The first hole
contains the number 0. The second hole contains a balanced scale. The
hole labeled with "Up Speed" contains any number (for example, a remote
control for the speed towards the top). The hole labeled with "set
speed" contains any number. If given a box like that he will pick up his
box. And drop it. And grab a magic wand. And use the magic wand on the
fourth hole inside his box. And push '=' to change what he is holding.
And drop what he just copied on the third hole inside his box. And
release the magic wand.
   What follows is in a special code and was produced by ToonTalk(tm) 
Beta 081299. To learn more about ToonTalk see www.toontalk.com.
6BStartToonTalkEncoding: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.
This is the end of the code for the ToonTalk object. 
