This buffer is for notes you don't want to save, and for Lisp evaluation.
If you want to create a file, visit that file with C-x C-f,
then enter the text in that file's own buffer.

   This is the result of "pasting" a ToonTalk object. You can include
this in files, email, or whatever. To decode it just use any program
that can copy this to the Windows clipboard. For example, you can use
Windows Notepad or WordPad program. Select all of the text
and then use the Copy command in the Edit menu. Then it will appear
in the ToonTalk remote control for the clipboard. You can find the
clipboard remote control on page 30 of the Sensor notebook. Just use
Dusty to vacuum it off the clipboard. Control-v is a shortcut for pasting. 
   The following is a box with 2 holes. The first hole contains a movie of
a hand. The second hole contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\title.bmp) . The first thing on the
back is a box with 3 holes. The hole labeled with "Key" contains a
remote control for the key just pressed. The hole labeled with "Looks"
contains a remote control for another's looks - something. The hole
labeled with "Pictures" contains a box with 10 holes. The hole labeled
with "future" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\future.bmp) . The hole labeled with "programming" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\programming.bmp)
. The hole labeled with "games" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\games.bmp) . The hole labeled with
"dream" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\dream.bmp) . The hole labeled with "concretizations" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\concretizations.bmp) . The hole labeled with "learn" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\learn.bmp) . The
hole labeled with "videogames" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\videogames.bmp) . The hole labeled
with "robots" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\robots.bmp) . The hole labeled with "availability" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\availability.bmp)
. The hole labeled with "title" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\title.bmp) . And the second thing on
the back is a robot who wants a box with 3 holes. The hole labeled with
"Key" contains a pad with the text "+" on it. The hole labeled with
"Looks" contains any picture (for example, a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\title.bmp) a picture from a file. The
third hole contains any box. If given a box like that he will pick up
what's in the third hole inside his box. And push '1' to change what he
is holding. And drop it just right of the new box. And grab a copy of
Dusty. And push '+' to change what he is holding. And push '+' to change
what he is holding. And use Dusty to vacuum what's in the second hole
inside his box. And release Dusty. And pick up what's in the second hole
inside his box. And drop it. And pick up the second thing he made or
found. And drop it. And pick up the second thing he made or found. And
drop it. And pick up the second thing he made or found. And drop it on
the second hole inside his box. And grab a magic wand. And use the magic
wand on the first hole inside the new box. And drop what he just copied
on the second hole inside his box. And release the magic wand. And pick
up the new box. And drop it on the third hole inside his box. And the
third thing on the back is a box with 3 holes. The hole labeled with
"Key" contains a remote control for the key just pressed. The hole
labeled with "Looks" contains a remote control for another's looks -
something. The hole labeled with "Pictures" contains a box with 10
holes. The hole labeled with "future" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\future.bmp) . The hole labeled with
"programming" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\programming.bmp) . The hole labeled with "games" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\games.bmp) . The
hole labeled with "dream" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\dream.bmp) . The hole labeled with
"concretizations" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk
Talk 800x600\concretizations.bmp) . The hole labeled with "learn"
contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\learn.bmp) . The hole labeled with "videogames" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\videogames.bmp) .
The hole labeled with "robots" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\robots.bmp) . The hole labeled with
"availability" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\availability.bmp) . The hole labeled with "title" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\title.bmp) . And
the fourth thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 3 holes.
The hole labeled with "Key" contains a pad with the text "-" on it. The
hole labeled with "Looks" contains any picture (for example, a picture
from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\programming.bmp) a
picture from a file. The third hole contains any box. If given a box
like that he will pick up what's in the third hole inside his box. And
push Backspace key to change what he is holding. And drop it just right
of the new box. And grab a copy of Dusty. And push '+' to change what he
is holding. And push '+' to change what he is holding. And use Dusty to
vacuum what's in the second hole inside his box. And release Dusty. And
grab a magic wand. And use the magic wand on the first hole inside the
new box. And drop what he just copied on the first hole inside the new
box. And release the magic wand. And grab a copy of Dusty. And push '-'
to change what he is holding. And push '-' to change what he is holding.
And use Dusty to vacuum the picture in the first hole of the new box.
And release Dusty. And grab a copy of Dusty. And push '+' to change what
he is holding. And run Dusty in reverse to restore. And release Dusty.
And pick up the last thing he made or found. And drop it on the second
hole inside his box. And pick up the new box. And drop it on the third
hole inside his box.
   What follows is in a special code and was produced by ToonTalk(tm) 
Beta 021199. To learn more about ToonTalk see www.toontalk.com.
6BStartToonTalkEncoding: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.
This is the end of the code for the ToonTalk object. 
