   This is the result of "pasting" a ToonTalk object. You can include
this in files, email, or whatever. To decode it just use any program
that can copy this to the Windows clipboard. For example, you can use
Windows Notepad or WordPad program. Select all of the text
and then use the Copy command in the Edit menu. Then it will appear
in the ToonTalk remote control for the clipboard. You can find the
clipboard remote control on page 30 of the Sensor notebook. Just use
Dusty to vacuum it off the clipboard. Control-v is a shortcut for pasting. 
   The following is a box with 2 holes. The first hole contains a picture
from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\videogames.bmp) . The
first thing on the back is a box with 3 holes. The hole labeled with
"Key" contains a remote control for the key just pressed. The hole
labeled with "Looks" contains a remote control for another's looks -
something. The hole labeled with "Pictures" contains a box with 10
holes. The hole labeled with "title" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\title.bmp) . The hole labeled with
"programming" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\programming.bmp) . The hole labeled with "games" contains a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\games.bmp) . The
hole labeled with "dream" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\dream.bmp) . The hole labeled with
"concretizations" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk
Talk 800x600\concretizations.bmp) . The hole labeled with "robots"
contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk
800x600\robots.bmp) . The hole labeled with "learn" contains a picture
from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\learn.bmp) . The hole
labeled with "videogames" contains a picture from a file
(C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\videogames.bmp) . The hole labeled
with "availability" contains a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk
Talk 800x600\availability.bmp) . The hole labeled with "future" contains
a picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\future.bmp) .
And the second thing on the back is a robot who wants a box with 3
holes. The hole labeled with "Key" contains a pad with the text " " on
it. The hole labeled with "Looks" contains any picture (for example, a
picture from a file (C:\Pictures\ToonTalk Talk 800x600\title.bmp) a
picture from a file. The third hole contains any box. If given a box
like that he will pick up what's in the third hole inside his box. And
push '1' to change what he is holding. And drop it just right of the new
box. And grab a copy of Dusty. And push '+' to change what he is
holding. And push '+' to change what he is holding. And use Dusty to
vacuum what's in the second hole inside his box. And release Dusty. And
pick up what's in the second hole inside his box. And drop it. And pick
up the second thing he made or found. And drop it. And pick up the
second thing he made or found. And drop it. And pick up the second thing
he made or found. And drop it on the second hole inside his box. And
grab a magic wand. And use the magic wand on the first hole inside the
new box. And drop what he just copied on the second hole inside his box.
And release the magic wand. And pick up the new box. And drop it on the
third hole inside his box. The second hole contains a movie of a hand.
   What follows is in a special code and was produced by ToonTalk(tm) 
Beta 021199. To learn more about ToonTalk see www.toontalk.com.
6BStartToonTalkEncoding:
Cv8AAgD4AAAo//gBACn/MEM6XFBpY3R1cmVzXFRvb25UYWxrIFRhbGsgODAweDYwMFx2aWRl
b2dhbWVzLmJtcAAAPQP0AfQBAAAAAJYAZABbATkBAAAAAAAAPQP0AfQBAAACACD/AAMABEtl
eQAy/wAAAIArAAEb/wZMb29rcwD4AgAn//kAAAAAPAOmAKYAAAAAAAlQaWN0dXJlcwAg/wAK
AAZ0aXRsZQD4AwAp/ytDOlxQaWN0dXJlc1xUb29uVGFsayBUYWxrIDgwMHg2MDBcdGl0bGUu
Ym1wAAA9A9UE1gQAAAAADHByb2dyYW1taW5nAPgEACn/MUM6XFBpY3R1cmVzXFRvb25UYWxr
IFRhbGsgODAweDYwMFxwcm9ncmFtbWluZy5ibXAAAD0D4gTiBAAAAAAGZ2FtZXMA+AUAKf8r
QzpcUGljdHVyZXNcVG9vblRhbGsgVGFsayA4MDB4NjAwXGdhbWVzLmJtcAAAPQPiBOIEAAAA
AAZkcmVhbQD4BgAp/ytDOlxQaWN0dXJlc1xUb29uVGFsayBUYWxrIDgwMHg2MDBcZHJlYW0u
Ym1wAAA9A+IE4gQAAAAAEGNvbmNyZXRpemF0aW9ucwD4BwAp/zVDOlxQaWN0dXJlc1xUb29u
VGFsayBUYWxrIDgwMHg2MDBcY29uY3JldGl6YXRpb25zLmJtcAAAPQPiBOIEAAAAAAdyb2Jv
dHMA+AgAKf8sQzpcUGljdHVyZXNcVG9vblRhbGsgVGFsayA4MDB4NjAwXHJvYm90cy5ibXAA
AD0D4gTiBAAAAAAGbGVhcm4A+AkAKf8rQzpcUGljdHVyZXNcVG9vblRhbGsgVGFsayA4MDB4
NjAwXGxlYXJuLmJtcAAAPQPiBOIEAAAAAAt2aWRlb2dhbWVzAPgKACn/MEM6XFBpY3R1cmVz
XFRvb25UYWxrIFRhbGsgODAweDYwMFx2aWRlb2dhbWVzLmJtcAAAPQPiBOIEAAAAAA1hdmFp
bGFiaWxpdHkA+AsAKf8yQzpcUGljdHVyZXNcVG9vblRhbGsgVGFsayA4MDB4NjAwXGF2YWls
YWJpbGl0eS5ibXAAAD0D4gTiBAAAAAAHZnV0dXJlAPgMACn/LEM6XFBpY3R1cmVzXFRvb25U
YWxrIFRhbGsgODAweDYwMFxmdXR1cmUuYm1wAAA9A94E5wQAAAAABf8w/wQATmV4dP8CIP8A
AwAES2V5AA7/AQAgAAMGTG9va3MA+A0APf8rQzpcUGljdHVyZXNcVG9vblRhbGsgVGFsayA4
MDB4NjAwXHRpdGxlLmJtcAAAPQPiBOIEAAAAAAAK/wEDAPgOACn/K0M6XFBpY3R1cmVzXFRv
b25UYWxrIFRhbGsgODAweDYwMFx0aXRsZS5ibXAAAD0D4gTiBAAAAAD4DwAp/zFDOlxQaWN0
dXJlc1xUb29uVGFsayBUYWxrIDgwMHg2MDBccHJvZ3JhbW1pbmcuYm1wAAA9A+IE4gQAAAAA
+BAAKf8rQzpcUGljdHVyZXNcVG9vblRhbGsgVGFsayA4MDB4NjAwXGdhbWVzLmJtcAAAPQPi
BOIEAAAAACDh/wIAA/8ABwAC/wARDf8xAgAK/wALFP8ADQP/ABEN/ysRDf8rDgAB/wAQA/8A
BwAB/wAIFf8ABxX/AAgV/wAHFf8ACBX/AAcV/wAJAAH/AAMC/wAEFAD/AAkAAf8ABgL/AAcU
/wAJAAL/ABf////4EQAM/wQAGgJQAHEAAAAAAA==
.
This is the end of the code for the ToonTalk object. 
